Fix dev docs to point to netdaemon.xyz instead (#638)
net-daemon/netdaemon: DEV.md

# Developing NetDaemon 

> Thank you for considering contributing to NetDaemon. You will find a good startingpoint in the [documentation for developers](https://netdaemon.xyz/docs/developer)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Thank you for considering contributing to NetDaemon. You will find a good starting point in the [documentation for developers](https://netdaemon.xyz/docs/developer)
```

There should always be one blank line under headers
